(C)opyright (C) 1993,1995  Martin Stover, Marburg, Germany

to compile and install, please read INSTALL !

This is a little try to emulate some functions from
a NOVELL-SERVER under UNIX (LINUX).
The first version I have written 1993 on a USL1.1
with TLI-Code.
1994 I have ported it to LINUX. This was easy, because
I only have to write a small TLI->SOCKET emu.

Unfortunately I had no full description of the NCP-calls,
so many of the calls based on trying. :-(

WARNING: this code has still many BUG's !!

BINDERY:    this are the *.pag and *.dir files.
            These files are generated by the first starting
            of mars_nwe and are filled with the minimal
            needed Objects and Properties.
            The User SUPERVISOR must be described in the
            nw.ini file, entry 12

NETWORK:    If there is a real Novell-Server on the
            same net-line, then the NETWORK Number of
            the network device in nw.ini should match
            the NETWORK Number of the Novell-Server.

LINUX
KERNEL:     the only linux-kernel depending files
            are emutli.[hc].

short description of the processes.
1) nwserv : the main program.Initiates all and starts 'ncpserv'.
            sends broadcasts, wdogs, sap and rip packets.
            If nwserv is started with a parameter, then the simple
            test client 'nwclient', only for debugging, is started.

2) ncpserv: opens NCP-Socket and handles NCP-Requests.
            When there comes NCP-Request 0x1111 (Get Connection Nr)
            then there will be started a new process 'nwconn'.
            Every client-ncp-request reaches nwconn over
            ncpserv.

3) nwconn:  will be started for every connection. Is connected
            to ncpserv with a pipe.

Problems and TODO:
Many:-(

Here is a short list.
o - password changings from clients
o - make routing better.
o - making printing better.
o - clean the code !!!
o - make bindery code more complete.
o - and much more ...

Have luck with tryimg. :)


          Martin
(mstover@freeway.de)

BTW: The kick to make mars_nwe public was the
publication of linware ( lwared ), the Novell-Server-Emulator
from Ales Dryak (A.Dryak@sh.cvut.cz).
I hope both products kann make profit from each other.
-----> SuperNOS ala Linux ;-)
Novell don't want to make it anymore. :-(

