
mars_nwe - Martin Stovers netware emulation
Copyright (C) 1993,1996  Martin Stover, Marburg, Germany


Help on how to compile and install can be found in `INSTALL'.


"mars_nwe" is an attempt to emulate the basic functionality
of a netware-server under UNIX (Linux).
The first version was written 1993 on a USL1.1 with TLI-Code.
1994 I ported it to LINUX, which was easy because I only had
to write a small TLI->SOCKET emulation (see the modul
"emutli").

Unfortunately I had no complete description of the NCP-calls,
so that the handling of many calls is based on experiments. :-(

WARNING: this code still has BUG's!

BINDERY:
       These are the *.pag and *.dir files.
       They are generated by the first starting
       of mars_nwe and are filled with the minimal
       needed Objects and Properties.
       The User SUPERVISOR must be described in the
       nw.ini file, entry 12

NETWORK:
       If there is a real Novell-Server on the
       same net-line, then the NETWORK Number of
       the network device in nw.ini should match
       the NETWORK Number of the Novell-Server.

LINUX KERNEL:
       the only linux-kernel depending files
             are emutli.[hc].


Short description of the programs from this package:
----------------------------------------------------

nwserv:
       the main program. Initiates all subsystems and
       starts 'ncpserv' and 'nwbind'.
       Sends broadcasts, wdogs, sap and rip packets.
       If nwserv is started with the parameter 'y', then the simple
       test client 'nwclient', only for debugging, is started.
       Parameter '-k' is for stopping the actual running nwserv
       and parameter '-h' for sending a HUP signal to the
       running nwserv.

ncpserv:
       opens NCP-Socket and handles NCP-Requests.
       For every incoming NCP-Request 0x1111 (Get Connection Nr)
       a new instance of 'nwconn' ist started.
       Every client-ncp-request reaches nwconn over ncpserv.

nwconn:
       started for every single connection. Communicates with
       ncpserv over an ipx-socket.

nwbind:
       the bindery program. Communicates with
       ncpserv and nwconn over an ipx-socket.


Have luck with trying. :)


Martin Stover <mstover@stover.f.eunet.de>

BTW: The kick to make mars_nwe public was the publication of
linware ( lwared ), the NetWare-Emulator from
Ales Dryak <A.Dryak@sh.cvut.cz>

I hope both products can make profit from each other.
-----> SuperNOS ala Linux ;-)
Novell don't want to make it anymore. :-(

